---
tags:
  - postable-weblog-entry
aliases:
  - "Title: undefined"
---
Hello March. Today is the first day of my birth month in which this year i will turn 27. Fuck me seeing that written is scary. I am currently sat on my meditation cushion (a repurposed inflatable balance cushion), in my room at ... . It is currently 6 degrees, it has rained this morning and the clouds are still grey. It is 9am and I have just spent the last 30 minutes meditating and the 2 hours before that reading. 

Today feels like any other of my Fridays in the last 6 months (???). Somewhat nervous and apprehensive to be doing what I am doing. Excited at the idea of creating and "finding my own way man", but frustrated that the path has not miraculously come to me as a woe-less premonition in a dream. I know today that I need to follow my urges so that I don't lose interest ([[Feelings to digest|being told not to press the big red button makes me want to press it all the more so, and the reverse]]), but also I know that I need to [[practice]].

My goals for today (aside from my regular missions of meditation and exercise) are to :
1. Do something creative
2. Make progress in a project

I can pull the pseudo-reverse-uno-card-inception-like caveat onto goal 1 that this writing is something creative and therefore musing on the act of creating is creation itself. Ha *brain*, I got you! Although when I wrote the goals I didn't just necessarily have this writing in mind. Recently I have been musing with two ideas for doing something "creative": writing, and some kind of design. Writing meaning the act of writing with the goal of putting something out for consumption, be it blog posts, stories, poetry etc. Design meaning I want to make something that has both form and function. Caveat: when writing this I am very much going over and over all the justifications as to why both of those things are things I want to do. I am going to stop doing that and save it for another time (ie [[Essay no.1|why I only work 32 hours per week]]). I think this log should suffice for the goal I have set for today but incase not I may try my hand at prose writing or continuing to work on the design for a weblog.

Goal 2 requires a bit of background; I have attempting various different projects for a long time and have yet to ship them, be it from a lack of time, a change in heart for the goals of the project or a [[Feelings to digest|lack of urge to finish something when I lose excitement]]. The projects being (but not limited to) : 
- Fine art (???) - Gouache painting / drawing
- Clothes making (???) - Crochet / sewing
- [[Music]]
- Tech projects (???) - A retrieval augmented generation system for daily note taking, an app to use the TFL Api to have a homepage of often used tube/bus routes for easy access, a system to write without distraction, and a weblog.
Out of these projects when I set this goal I was referring to the tech projects. They meet my short term values that I work in tech and also allow me to meet my goal of being creative because I can practice design via front-end development. The other projects in that list I don't want to completely abandon but I do want my Fridays to have some kind of career driven value. To do that I sadly do need to focus on overlap of my experience and goals in the vestment of efficiency to reach these goals as fast as I can. I say sadly because I have a belief that [[Essay no.1|a focus on career opposes the practice of creativity (???)]]. The project from the list that most aligns with my goals for today as possible in the sense that I want to make my project sit in the middle of a Venn diagram of ikigai as much as possible. 

Anyway, I seem to be focusing a lot on the analysis of goal choosing now and not on doing. It is currently 10:48am and I think it's time to finish up this post, I may just make myself some caffeine and move on to "Doing something creative" or "Making progress in a project". Which of the two I don't know just yet.


